The customer creates demand
by requesting equipment or supplies.
Logistics is responsible for the movement of supplies
and equipment from the vendor
right through the delivery to the customer,
or to the distribution points,
also referred to as secondary areas.
When a need is identified for equipment or supplies,
a flow of processes takes place.
A process flow is a way to visually represent the connection
of processes of an organization or department.
Many process flows come in the form of flow charts
that will list the steps in that organization's process.
Let's take a look at some examples
of process flow in the VA.